Theresa May delays Brexit vote to buy more time... againBrexit clock is ticking, as opposition throws support behind potential ...Brexit: Ireland 'not playing chicken' on backstopBrexit news: What does Brexit mean for my holiday? Travel expert ...Theresa May makes progress on Brexit as Labour tilts toward a ...Honda, Brexit and the collapse of Japan's love affair with the UKBrexit anger and uncertainty can be explained through fishTheresa May has picked the day on which Brexit will live or dieBlackRock's Larry Fink slams 'irresponsibility' of UK amid Brexit chaosThere is now a force to disrupt Brexit. MPs, it's time to actLondon (CNN) Brexit is going down to the wire. ... a parliamentary vote on her beleaguered Brexit deal in a desperate effort to buy more time to ...... hostage to the protracted squabbling of politicians with competing ideologies. And still the clock ticks down to March 29, Brexit deadline day.The Republic of Ireland is "not playing chicken" with its stance on the Brexit backstop, Leo Varadkar has warned. The taoiseach (Irish prime ...Brexit spells much uncertainty for the future of the UK and one area which worries many people is how it will affect travel for Britons. Will it still ...LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May is making progress on winning Brexit concessions from the European Union, a senior ...“It's positive and booming and packed, even despite the Brexit referendum result,” says Rudlin. Weeks after this year's party, and 80 miles drive ...London (CNN) Putt-putting out into the Portsmouth channel on England's south coast, the small vessel is soon swallowed by the early morning ...It is playing out just as Olly Robbins – the civil servant negotiating Brexit for the PM – told his mates it would in that Brussels bar, as overheard ..."Brexit is an immediate problem, and it's a problem that's quite frankly annoying every private sector organization in the world today," the ...The Conservative party has embraced Brexit as a mythic nativist destiny towards which we must all march loyally. Labour, meanwhile, is in ...